today on everyday tactical vids we're
taking a look at the Stanley adventure
series multi-use water bottle I did
leave the information on here so we
could look at it as we start the review
on the side here it gives you the basic
rundown the bottle splits apart so it
can double as two cups this bottom
section stainless steel this top is
polypropylene it is not insulated so
that's nice because you can put it on or
near a fire to use it there's where it
says that polypropylene stainless steel
not insulated as you can see it is 32
ounces this top section twists and comes
off so you can use it as a water bottle
and it is a pretty wide mouth they're
not as wide as a full-sized Nalgene but
wider than you know a little puny
Aquafina bottle or something like that
and then when that is closed up this can
twist off and now you have this
container and this container as well and
if you look inside here you can see the
markings for the measurements down there
inside
here are a couple
I want to run on this item from Stanley
first is with this tighten down on the
top does it actually leak any water
which it does not seems like it's pretty
secure the second question I had was
actually about this seal there is a
gasket that's you know will basically
keep these two things sealed together so
I was concerned if this was say in a
backpack and it fell sideways would it
start to leak water all over the place
and this is how I'm doing it now there's
no water coming out whatsoever and you
probably saw this earlier but this you
attach these two sections together this
this top section actually screws down
into the bottom section it's not just it
doesn't click in it actually screws down
in so there are threads there and that
keeps it from actually spilling out at
all so both those tests thumbs up on
this item from Stanley here's what it
looks like when you separate the two
parts of the water bottle as I mentioned
before you can flip this portion over
and use it as a cup and actually the
hinge serves as like kind of a handle on
a tea cup so that's a cool little
feature this section over here the main
advantage that I see is that you have a
larger opening at the top to get more
things in if you had a water bottle with
a very small top and you wanted to put
something in the water to cook it if
you're making a stew or soup or
something like that that's kind of hard
to do and then if you want to get the
things that are in the stew out you got
to fish around with a stick or something
like that where where's with this it's
you know it's quite large across the top
so you can put things in and actually
get them out quite easily as well I will
let you know that I was looking around
for a price online and it's going to run
you between ten and fifteen dollars I
will also tell you that at amazon.com
Walmart com it was actually not
available I picked this up at a Walmart
brick-and-mortar store probably about
two two-and-a-half weeks ago so it
certainly is still around you may just
have to go to your local Walmart or some
other place that carries Stanley items
to pick one up to be totally honest with
you when I got it I thought I'm able to
be interesting but I bet you it's going
to leak I'm not going to be that
impressed but right now I would say I'm
quite impressed with it I will probably
use this as a water bottle just for
day-to-day you know something
bringing the car then bring it to the
office but I might actually swap this
out and use it in a survival bag or an
EDC bag something like that we'll see
where it ends up but it's a pretty cool
item from Stanley and very reasonably
priced thanks as always for checking out
our videos please subscribe to everyday
tactical vids here on YouTube like us on
facebook follow us on twitter and check
us out on tumblr take care
you